add note about `get_transfers`/`get_transfer_by_txid` `destinations` being undefined, make it more consistent (#2306)
monero-project/monero-site: resources/developer-guides/wallet-rpc.md

Returns a list of transfers.

<p style="color:red;"><b>WARNING</b> Verify that the transfer has a sane <code>unlock_time</code> otherwise the funds might be inaccessible.</p>

> <p style="color:red;"><b>WARNING</b> <code>destinations</code>, only available for outgoing transactions, will be <b>UNDEFINED</b> if not in the wallet cache.</p>

Reviewer: I think the warning should only be for the fact that you lose this information if this wallet cache was not the one to construct the transaction, since that's the important part. The detail about it only being for outgoing transactions is just part of the interface. 

```suggestion
<p style="color:red;"><b>WARNING</b> The <code>destinations</code> fields are only available when this wallet cache was the one to construct the transaction. If you restore your wallet from scratch, you will lose this information. </p>
```

Show information about a transfer to/from this address.

<p style="color:red;"><b>WARNING</b> Verify that the transfer has a sane <code>unlock_time</code> otherwise the funds might be inaccessible.</p>

> <p style="color:red;"><b>WARNING</b> <code>destinations</code>, only available for outgoing transactions, will be <b>UNDEFINED</b> if not in the wallet cache.</p>

Reviewer: Kind of a nitpick, but it would be nice if this message matched the one above.
